hey guys welcome back to my video on
this video I'm going to show you on how
to get mafia to Xbox 360 Jim's vendetta
and call of duty black ops 2 utlizing
Xbox 360 so all these things here are
going to show you on how to get them
these are basically DLCs game add-ons
we're going to call them so what you
want to do if you want to download how I
wasn't going to link any description if
D just if the links out there just type
in on Google
hawazin Xbox and she'll come up and you
can download it but I can go over to the
link would be on there just in case but
now you want to open it
these will also be down the link in the
description to download it's not that
it's great the day after and it will be
there it's not there just coming down
below and then once you download it you
want to drag it into horizon and then
you want to get a USB flash drive we've
down for you to be flash drive you need
one or you can't do this tutorial I'm
sorry to say but I'll be back in a sec I
was going to go and get my USB flash
drive and we'll get continuing on with
this tutorial ok I'm back with my arm
Xbox 360 flash drive I'm USB flash drive
so so um now what you want to do when
you plug it in it will load up your
speed and then watch one to do now if
you want to go to save to device flash
drive and they'll come up this I wasn't
already exist on the lover
yep it already exists but I'm just going
to go what over first yes and it will be
on your speed so Dan he where where I'm
moving the mouse around that's where it
will be downloading so once it hits hits
to the end it will come up a message
saying it has been successfully
transferred to your space something like
that if it saves a fail sign is
something definitely will move your
computer because it does do it and then
what you want to do then you want to
head over to your Xbox 360 and then
um it will load up the DLC when you
start the game and then that's when you
have the three DLC without paying any
money for so that's actually a good way
to get it for free also this folder has
no boss don't know about that if your
bias program stays there's been a Trojan
or something don't know because it
always does it because it's a modding
tool a modding file but um don't worry
because it's not a boss I'm just trust
me on that but anyway um we're going to
get on to mafia 2 so say on play mafia
to nail in I want the DLC now which I am
actually playing mafia to what now
but yeah um what you want to do if you
want to drag it over like you did the
last one and then you want to go to save
to the last flash drive yes and if
she'll come up the green bar again and
then it will just drag across and a lot
you can also do with RK games so if you
put an arcade game on you you'll speed
plug it in and then you want to go to
games and once you're in the games it it
will say it was come up all your games
you drag and if the things green neither
game you can do it but um if it's just
gray you can still do it but um I do
recommend go on the green ones just in
case but um you can strike it over put
on your desktop and upload it to the
Internet
also if did like this video please
comment down below tell me what you
think
on this video if you do need help tell
me I'll definitely help you like the
video also if you already said that also
share the video and I'll see you guys
soon and please subscribe bye